# To localize this text for a particular language, please
# translate every second line of this file.
#-------------------------------
[ITEM_PORTION_NAMES]
jar of Honey
jar of Honey
bag of Stardust
bag of Stardust
Relic Copper coin
Relic Copper coin
Relic Silver coin
Relic Silver coin
Relic Gold coin
Relic Gold coin
bag of Growth Mulch
bag of Growth Mulch
bag of Damp Mulch
bag of Damp Mulch
bag of Stable Mulch
bag of Stable Mulch
bag of Gooey Mulch
bag of Gooey Mulch
pile of Shoal Salt
pile of Shoal Salt
jar of Red Nectar
jar of Red Nectar
jar of Yellow Nectar
jar of Yellow Nectar
jar of Pink Nectar
jar of Pink Nectar
jar of Purple Nectar
jar of Purple Nectar
bag of Bright Powder
bag of Bright Powder
bag of BrightPowder
bag of BrightPowder
pair of Safety Goggles
pair of Safety Goggles
set of Protective Pads
set of Protective Pads
pair of Heavy-Duty Boots
pair of Heavy-Duty Boots
pair of Choice Specs
pair of Choice Specs
lump of Light Clay
lump of Light Clay
blob of Black Sludge
blob of Black Sludge
serving of Leftovers
serving of Leftovers
clump of Luminous Moss
clump of Luminous Moss
bottle of Throat Spray
bottle of Throat Spray
voucher for Room Service
voucher for Room Service
pair of Wise Glasses
pair of Wise Glasses
jar of Lax Incense
jar of Lax Incense
jar of Full Incense
jar of Full Incense
jar of Luck Incense
jar of Luck Incense
jar of Pure Incense
jar of Pure Incense
jar of Sea Incense
jar of Sea Incense
jar of Wave Incense
jar of Wave Incense
jar of Rose Incense
jar of Rose Incense
jar of Odd Incense
jar of Odd Incense
jar of Rock Incense
jar of Rock Incense
piece of Charcoal
piece of Charcoal
piece of Never-Melt Ice
piece of Never-Melt Ice
piece of NeverMeltIce
piece of NeverMeltIce
bag of Soft Sand
bag of Soft Sand
pile of Silver Powder
pile of Silver Powder
pile of SilverPowder
pile of SilverPowder
pair of Black Glasses
pair of Black Glasses
pair of BlackGlasses
pair of BlackGlasses
bag of Metal Powder
bag of Metal Powder
bag of Quick Powder
bag of Quick Powder
scrap of Reaper Cloth
scrap of Reaper Cloth
dollop of Whipped Dream
dollop of Whipped Dream
bag of Sacred Ash
bag of Sacred Ash
bag of Pewter Crunchies
bag of Pewter Crunchies
cup of Berry Juice
cup of Berry Juice
bottle of Fresh Water
bottle of Fresh Water
bottle of Soda Pop
bottle of Soda Pop
can of Lemonade
can of Lemonade
bottle of Moomoo Milk
bottle of Moomoo Milk
dose of Energy Powder
dose of Energy Powder
dose of EnergyPowder
dose of EnergyPowder
dose of Heal Powder
dose of Heal Powder
comb of Max Honey
comb of Max Honey
bottle of PP Up
bottle of PP Up
bottle of PP Max
bottle of PP Max
bottle of HP Up
bottle of HP Up
bottle of Protein
bottle of Protein
bottle of Iron
bottle of Iron
bottle of Calcium
bottle of Calcium
bottle of Zinc
bottle of Zinc
bottle of Carbos
bottle of Carbos
sprig of Lonely Mint
sprig of Lonely Mint
sprig of Adamant Mint
sprig of Adamant Mint
sprig of Naughty Mint
sprig of Naughty Mint
sprig of Brave Mint
sprig of Brave Mint
sprig of Bold Mint
sprig of Bold Mint
sprig of Impish Mint
sprig of Impish Mint
sprig of Lax Mint
sprig of Lax Mint
sprig of Relaxed Mint
sprig of Relaxed Mint
sprig of Modest Mint
sprig of Modest Mint
sprig of Mild Mint
sprig of Mild Mint
sprig of Rash Mint
sprig of Rash Mint
sprig of Quiet Mint
sprig of Quiet Mint
sprig of Calm Mint
sprig of Calm Mint
sprig of Gentle Mint
sprig of Gentle Mint
sprig of Careful Mint
sprig of Careful Mint
sprig of Sassy Mint
sprig of Sassy Mint
sprig of Timid Mint
sprig of Timid Mint
sprig of Hasty Mint
sprig of Hasty Mint
sprig of Jolly Mint
sprig of Jolly Mint
sprig of Naive Mint
sprig of Naive Mint
sprig of Serious Mint
sprig of Serious Mint
piece of Grass Mail
piece of Grass Mail
piece of Flame Mail
piece of Flame Mail
piece of Bubble Mail
piece of Bubble Mail
piece of Bloom Mail
piece of Bloom Mail
piece of Tunnel Mail
piece of Tunnel Mail
piece of Steel Mail
piece of Steel Mail
piece of Heart Mail
piece of Heart Mail
piece of Snow Mail
piece of Snow Mail
piece of Space Mail
piece of Space Mail
piece of Air Mail
piece of Air Mail
piece of Mosaic Mail
piece of Mosaic Mail
piece of Brick Mail
piece of Brick Mail
cluster of Max Mushrooms
cluster of Max Mushrooms
set of Reins of Unity
set of Reins of Unity
